# excel-challenge
Stats Response: The mean is better as it takes into account the quantity of successful or failed campaigns.
  There is more variability with successful campapigns, which makes sense since there is a "bare minimum" which deems a campaign successful, and so there will be a wide range of successful results.

# Analysis:
  In analyzing the bar graph, there are consistently more successful campagins than failed campaigns, and relatively very few are canceled. The campaign of Plays seem to dominate all the other campaigns quantity-wise. All campaigns seem to have a very similar ratio of successful, failed, canceled, and live campaigns. The amount of successful, failed, and canceled campaigns stays relatively constant over time, with a noticeable spike in August for all three categories of campaigns. When the target number of campaigns is taken into account, there is a peak of successful campaigns when the target is 15000-19999, while the valley is 25000 to 29999. The lower and higher ends of the goal spectrum are relatively the same, and, other than those two goal ranges mentioned, the graph for successful, failed, and canceled campaigns seems relatively constant.
  However, The dataset does not take into account inter-monthly variations in campaign acheivement. Having a pie chart of the data will make it easier to visualize each category of campaign, as well as a separate pie chart for each campaign status. Since a lot of these line graphs seem constant throughout time, it would be better to look at those inter-monthly rates to have a more in-depth picture of how each campaign is doing, and their reason for failure.
